
































Gaussian functional regression for linear partial differential equations | Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen








Search




















Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen





Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen




Home


Projects


Research


Publications


Talks


Software


Posts


Contact













Light


Dark


Automatic











Gaussian functional regression for linear partial differential equations



      Ngoc Cuong Nguyen, 
      J. Peraire


    
    
      
    
    Jan 1, 2022
  



  PDF


  Cite


Project Website

Open Source




In this paper, we present a new statistical approach to the problem of incorporating experimental observations into a mathematical model described by linear partial differential equations (PDEs) to improve the prediction of the state of a physical system. We augment the linear PDE with a functional that accounts for the uncertainty in the mathematical model and is modeled as a Gaussian process. This gives rise to a stochastic PDE which is characterized by the Gaussian functional. We develop a Gaussian functional regression method to determine the posterior mean and covariance of the Gaussian functional, thereby solving the stochastic PDE to obtain the posterior distribution for our prediction of the physical state. Our method has the following features which distinguish itself from other regression methods. First, it incorporates both the mathematical model and the observations into the regression procedure. Second, it can handle the observations given in the form of linear functionals of the field variable. Third, the method is non-parametric in the sense that it provides a systematic way to optimally determine the prior covariance operator of the Gaussian functional based on the observations. Fourth, it provides the posterior distribution quantifying the magnitude of uncertainty in our prediction of the physical state. We present numerical results to illustrate these features of the method and compare its performance to that of the standard Gaussian process regression.


uqml






































Ngoc Cuong Nguyen
Principal Research Scientist
My research interests include computational mechanics, molecular mechanics, nanophotonics, scientific computing, and machine learning.
















































    © 2022 Me. This work is licensed under CC BY NC ND 4.0










    
    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      Published with Wowchemy — the free, open source website builder that empowers creators.
    
  














Cite

×







 Copy
        

 Download
        








