
































GPU-accelerated Large Eddy Simulation of Hypersonic Flows | Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen








Search




















Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen





Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen




Home


Projects


Research


Publications


Talks


Software


Posts


Contact













Light


Dark


Automatic











GPU-accelerated Large Eddy Simulation of Hypersonic Flows



      Ngoc Cuong Nguyen, 
      Sebastien Terrana, 
      Jaime Peraire


    
    
      
    
    Jan 1, 2020
  



  PDF


  Cite


Project Website

Open Source










High-order discontinuous Galerkin (DG) methods have emerged as an attractive approach for large eddy simulation of turbulent flows owing to their high accuracy and implicit dissipation properties. However, the application of DG methods for hypersonic flows is still challenging due to the high-computational cost and the lack of robust shock capturing algorithms. In this paper, we adreess the efficiency and robustness of Discontinuous Galerkin methods. To that end we develop a high-order implicit discontinuous Galerkin method for the numerical simulation of hypersonic flows on graphics processors (GPUs). The main ingredients in our approach include i) implicit high-order DG approximation on unstructured/adapted meshes, ii) shock capturing for hypersonic flows, iii) iterative solution methods with CUDA/MPI implementation on GPU clusters, and iv) effective matrix-free preconditioner with reduced basis approximation of the Jacobian matrix. Numerical results on several test cases are presented to validate our method.


les






































Ngoc Cuong Nguyen
Principal Research Scientist
My research interests include computational mechanics, molecular mechanics, nanophotonics, scientific computing, and machine learning.
















































    © 2022 Me. This work is licensed under CC BY NC ND 4.0










    
    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      Published with Wowchemy — the free, open source website builder that empowers creators.
    
  














Cite

×







 Copy
        

 Download
        








