



























Truc Nguyen | MIT Sloan














Skip to main content




MIT Sloan logo




academics

Ideas Made to Matter
Diversity
Events
Alumni
Faculty
About
Executive Education

academics


contact




facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
youtube








Smart. Open. Grounded. Inventive.
Read our Ideas Made to Matter.



contact

Search
Show Main Navigation







close search






Back to Menu

Which program is right for you?


















MBA
Through intellectual rigor and experiential learning, this full-time, two-year MBA program develops leaders who make a difference in the world.


Leaders for Global Operations
Earn your MBA and SM in engineering with this transformative two-year program. 


Master of Finance
A rigorous, hands-on program that prepares adaptive problem solvers for premier finance careers.


Master of Business Analytics
A 12-month program focused on applying the tools of modern data science, optimization and machine learning to solve real-world business problems.




Master of Science in Management Studies
Combine an international MBA with a deep dive into management science. A special opportunity for partner and affiliate schools only.


PhD
A doctoral program that produces outstanding scholars who are leading in their fields of research.


Undergraduate 
Bring a business perspective to your technical and quantitative expertise with a bachelor’s degree in management, business analytics, or finance.


MBA Early (Deferred admissions option)
Apply now and work for two to five years. We'll save you a seat in our MBA class when you're ready to come back to campus for your degree.





Executive
						Programs

MIT Executive MBA
The 20-month program teaches the science of management to mid-career leaders who want to move from success to significance.


MIT Sloan Fellows MBA
A full-time MBA program for mid-career leaders eager to dedicate one year of discovery for a lifetime of impact.


System Design & Management
A joint program for mid-career professionals that integrates engineering and systems thinking. Earn your master’s degree in engineering and management.


Executive Education
Non-degree programs for senior executives and high-potential managers.


Visiting Fellows 
A non-degree, customizable program for mid-career professionals.




View Upcoming Program Events
















Staff

Truc Nguyen





Get in Touch
                    


                  Get in Touch
                





                                        Building E52-SUITE 255
                                    


ntruc87@mit.edu



(617) 459-1340








Title
                    


                  Title
                



Program Coordinator, Curriculum Management, Executive Degree Programs

















The Mission
The mission of the MIT Sloan School of Management is to develop principled, innovative leaders who improve the world and to generate ideas that advance management practice.


Find Us

 MIT Sloan School of Management
100 Main Street
Cambridge, MA 02142
 
617-253-1000


Links



Press


Careers


Accessibility


Licensing


Privacy














©2024 MIT Sloan School of Management








