
































Real-Time Reliable Simulation of Heat Transfer Phenomena | Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen








Search




















Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen





Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen




Home


Projects


Research


Publications


Talks


Software


Posts


Contact













Light


Dark


Automatic











Real-Time Reliable Simulation of Heat Transfer Phenomena



      G. Rozza, 
      D. B. P. Huynh, 
      Ngoc Cuong Nguyen, 
      A. T. Patera


    
    
      
    
    September, 2009
  



  PDF


  Cite


  DOI




Abstract
In this paper we discuss the application of the certified reduced basis method and the associated software package rbMIT worked problems in steady and unsteady conduction. Each worked problem is characterized by an input parameter vector material properties, boundary conditions and sources, and geometry and desired outputs selected fluxes and temperatures. The methodology and associated rbMIT software, as well as the educational worked problem framework, consists of two distinct stages an Offline stage in which a new heat transfer worked problem is first created; and an Online stage in which the worked problem is subsequently invoked in (say) various in-class, project, or homework settings. In the very inexpensive Online stage, given an input parameter value, the software returns both (i) an accurate reduced basis output prediction, and (ii) a rigorous bound for the error in the reduced basis prediction relative to an underlying expensive high-fidelity finite element discretization; as required in the educational context, the response is both rapid and reliable. We present illustrative results for two worked problems a steady thermal fin, and unsteady thermal analysis of a delamination crack.




Type


              Conference paper
            










Publication
Heat Transfer Summer Conference








    Click the Cite button above to import publication metadata into your reference management software.
  







































Ngoc Cuong Nguyen
Principal Research Scientist
My research interests include computational mechanics, molecular mechanics, nanophotonics, scientific computing, and machine learning.














































    © 2022 Me. This work is licensed under CC BY NC ND 4.0










    
    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      Published with Wowchemy — the free, open source website builder that empowers creators.
    
  














Cite

×







 Copy
        

 Download
        








