
































An HDG method for dissimilar meshes | Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen








Search




















Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen





Dr. Ngoc Cuong Nguyen




Home


Projects


Research


Publications


Talks


Software


Posts


Contact













Light


Dark


Automatic











An HDG method for dissimilar meshes



      Manuel Solano, 
      Sebastien Terrana, 
      Ngoc Cuong Nguyen, 
      Jaime Peraire


    
    
      
    
    Jan 1, 2022
  



  PDF


  Cite


Project Website

Open Source




We present a hybridizable discontinuous Galerkin (HDG) method for dissimilar meshes. The method is devised by formulating HDG discretizations on separate meshes and gluing these HDG discretizations through appropriate transmission conditions that weakly enforce the continuity of the numerical trace and the numerical flux across the dissimilar interfaces. The transmission conditions are based upon transferring the numerical flux from the first mesh to the second mesh and the numerical trace from the second mesh to the first one. The transfer of the numerical trace/flux from one mesh to the other relies on the extrapolation of the approximate flux, and is made to be consistent with the HDG methodology for conforming meshes. Stability of the HDG method is shown and the error analysis of the HDG method is established. Numerical results are presented to validate the theoretical results.


hdg






































Ngoc Cuong Nguyen
Principal Research Scientist
My research interests include computational mechanics, molecular mechanics, nanophotonics, scientific computing, and machine learning.
















































    © 2022 Me. This work is licensed under CC BY NC ND 4.0










    
    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      Published with Wowchemy — the free, open source website builder that empowers creators.
    
  














Cite

×







 Copy
        

 Download
        








